Create cyblog4.md (#1167)
pulumi/docs: cyblog4.md

> Use Crosswalk to get first class insights and visualizations directly inside your Pulumi app 

Reviewer: Pulumi Crosswalk for AWS 

(in first usage only)

As cloud apps tend to be long-lived, we think it's vital that it be possible to get insight and understanding of the performance
of the app, including getting information immediately when something goes wrong.  Using

> [Crosswalk](https://pulumi.io/reference/crosswalk/aws/) Pulumi apps allow you to easily define or reference the appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Crosswalk](https://pulumi.io/reference/crosswalk/aws/) Pulumi apps allow you to easily define and visualize the appropriate
```

[metrics](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/working_with_metrics.html) that show the health of your
services, create [alarms](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/AlarmThatSendsEmail.html) to let you know
when something is wrong, and even easily create
[dashboards](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch_Dashboards.html) to get live visualization 
of what's happening in the cloud.  Because this is vital to the health of the app, we think this should be something built into the

> app from the start, and not something added after the fact as an out of band artifact.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app from the start.  
```

Let's see what that means in practice!  I'm going to use a recent hackathon project I created where I built a 
[Slack bot](https://api.slack.com/bot-users) to notify me about all the `@mentions` I'd received.  Using this, I'd have a place I 
could go back to to look at to find messages I knew had come in, but maybe i wanted to take a second glance at.  The bot just sends
me messages in a private channel we share like so:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4564579/59464639-dc033f80-8ddd-11e9-9219-b3c3ee0b4020.png)

> I intend to add more functionality to this bot over time to help me out.  If you'd like to create something similar, the code for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I intend to add more functionality to this bot over time to help me out.  If you'd like to create something similar, the code 
```

> it (including full instructions) was packaged up into one of our examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and instructions are
```
